URL: https://jobs.lever.co/blueland/48b87f79-33d9-4ad7-aaee-3b2d2c63e970?utm_source=freehire.me

Blueland - Supply Chain Manager
Supply Chain Manager
Remote
Supply Chain & Operations /
Full-time /
Remote
apply for this job
Blueland
is reimagining everyday cleaning essentials with safe, products that are free from single-use plastic and eliminate the need to choose between what’s safe for your family, good for the planet, and proven to work. With 45 patents granted & 39 patents pending worldwide, Blueland’s innovative products have diverted over 1 billion single-use plastic bottles from landfills and oceans and 7.5 million pounds of CO2 from the atmosphere since 2019. While traditional cleaners are packaged in plastic and may contain up to 95% water, all Blueland products utilize tablet or powder formats, designed to be used directly or mixed with household tap water, and come in compostable or recyclable packaging. From the kitchen sink to the laundry room, we create products families can trust and afford to use over and over (and over) again. Available on
Blueland.com
and nationwide at Target, Costco, Whole Foods and select local retailers.
In a world where half of the planet’s carbon emissions come from
just 36 companies
, we believe that business should be a force for good and that mission and profit are not mutually exclusive—in fact, we’re proof of it. We’re committed to holding ourselves to the highest parental and environmental standards—which includes ongoing and unbiased certifications from trusted third-party organizations like Cradle to Cradle, EPA Safer Choice, USDA BioPreferred, Leaping Bunny, and EWG Verified. We’re also a Certified Climate Neutral business and certified B Corp “Best for the World.”
Blueland was featured on the Season 11 premiere of Shark Tank and successfully secured an investment. We’re also well-funded by top tier venture capital firms as well as notable investors including Gwyneth Paltrow, Justin Timberlake and founders of Sweetgreen, Thrive Market, Honest Company, Rent the Runway, and Bonobos. Our products have been featured across top tier outlets including the
New York Times
,
Fast Company
,
TechCrunch
,
VOGUE
,
Wall Street Journal
,
Inc.
, and more.
About the Role
We are seeking an analytical, detail-oriented, and highly collaborative Supply Chain Manager to play a key role in supporting Blueland’s growing Marketplace business, with a significant focus on Amazon. This role will be responsible for ensuring we have the right inventory, in the right place, at the right time to support Marketplace demand while balancing service levels, inventory health, and working capital.
The Supply Chain Manager will own supply and inventory planning for the Marketplace channel, translating demand forecasts into actionable production, purchasing, and inventory deployment plans. This person will report to the Director of Supply Chain and work closely with our Marketplace team, contract manufacturers, packaging suppliers, and broader Operations team to proactively identify supply risks and ensure inventory is available to support both base business and key promotional events.
A critical component of this role will be leveraging deep Amazon experience to manage the unique planning requirements of the channel, including inventory positioning, replenishment, promotional planning, and maintaining healthy inventory levels across Amazon’s network.
Responsibilities
Own supply and inventory planning for Blueland’s Marketplace channel, primarily Amazon, ensuring inventory is positioned appropriately to support sales, promotions, and growth.
Translate demand forecasts into monthly and weekly production, purchasing, and inventory deployment plans.
Develop manufacturing plans with contract manufacturers, taking into consideration demand requirements, production capacity, lead times, MOQs, material and availability.
Partner closely with the Marketplace team to incorporate Amazon-specific requirements, promotional events, Prime Day, seasonal peaks, launches, and other demand drivers into supply plans.
Monitor Amazon 